			jw, Sat May 18 23:56:20 CEST 2013
Goal:
 Allow cutting of complex designs without a cutting mat and
 without crumpling the paper.

Rationale:
 A cutting mat recommended, whenever the knive moves in a way so that the
 paper becomes unstable due to the cuts. The cutting mat is sticky and keeps
 the paper in place, even if the knive moves through a piece of paper that was
 disconnected from the sheet by previous cuts.

 After the design was cut, the paper needs to be peeled off the cutting mat.
 This a manual process, that becomes especially tedious when a large number of small
 disconnected holes were cut. E.g. text set in a a stencil font.

 It is assumend that the ordering of cuts can be chosen to minimize the 
 risk of breaking the paper without a cutting mat.

 The sheet is transported by two rollers at the left and right edge of the paper.
 As long as the paper is sufficiently stable, the cut force of the knive is
 held by the traction of the transport rollers.

 To reliably cut (any design) without relying on the extra stability 
 of a cutting mat, the cuts must be organized in such a way, that always a sufficiently
 stable portion of the paper is beetween rollers and knive.

Observations:
 * Cutting the paper only halfway through, is always safe. Cutting the same patch in 
   multiple strokes increases the depth until we finally cut the paper completly through.
   With this technique, the force at the point of the knive can be minimized. 
 * The mechanics of a Silouhette Cameo allows to cut the same path multiple times. 
   There is no visible offset introduced by going back and forth a sheet multiple times.
   The machine also has a feature called Track Enhancement, to further reduce
   ths risk of such offset in case the material is more difficult to handle
   that ordinary printer paper. With Track Enhancement enabled, the sheet is rolled back 
   and fort multiple times about its full length, before cutting is started. This visible
   imprints the track of the transport rollers into the material, thus reducing the 
   chance of slip.
 * See misc/narrow_serpentine.svg
   - Sharp pointed turns do not work well. It is better to start a new cut in the middle 
     of uncut paper end end the cut to meet another cut.
   - A narrow horizontally layed out serpentine path advancing downward the sheet 
     can be cut without much problems. We even introduce slight backwards movement, where
     the knive cuts towards the nearest roller. 

